IMPORTANT: Do not ask for a summary of the same episode more than once. This causes the bot the break. (IMPORTANT)
    In testing the bot the first couple episodes of season 1 of Modern Family have already been used. 

This Twitter bot was make to tweet summaries of TV show episodes to twitter users who tweet at the bot. The information
for the bot was sourced from the TV Maze public API (https://www.tvmaze.com/api#show-cast). 

In order to use the bot tweets must be formatted in one of a few ways. 

Each tweet must include the word 'summary', the TV show title, the season, and the episode in that order. The bot is
connected to a twitter account with the username @emcath7. 

The following tweets are sample tweets with wording that will recieve a response from the bot. 

Sample tweets:

    @emcath7 Hello! Can I have a summary of Modern Family season 1 episode 1

    @emcath7 summary Modern Family season 1 episode 1

    @emcath7 summary of Modern Family season 1 episode 1

    @emcath7 summary Modern Family season 1 episode 1 please

Each of the tweets above would recieve the following reply: "@UserWhoSentTweet A new half-hour comedy that takes an
honest and often hilarious look at the complexities of modern day families."

IMPORTANT: Do not ask for a summary of the same episode more than once. This causes the bot the break. (IMPORTANT)

The bot also responds to tweets that ask about TV shows, episodes, or seasons that do not exist. 

Sample tweets for non existant shows/episodes:

    @emcath7 Hello! Can I have a summary of Table season 1 episode 1

        Response:
        @UserWhoSentTweet Sorry! We don't have that show or we don't understand what you are asking. Please try again!

    @emcath7 summary Modern Family season 100 episode 1

        Response:
        @UserWhoSentTweet Sorry! That episode or season might not exist or we don't understand what you are asking. 
        Please try again!

Some episode summaries are longer than the 270 character limit for tweets. In order to account for this summaries that
are longer than 250 characters (leaving 20 characters to account for usernames) are broken up into two or three tweets 
based on their length. The signs (<p>) that the API puts at the beginning and end of summaries have also been removed 
for ease of reading. 

The config.py file contains a function to create the API and is called in main-tracking.py - the file with the majority 
of the code for the bot. The main-tracking.py file has two main functions: reply_to_tweets() and main(). Main runs every 
30 seconds and triggers the reply_to_tweets() function to look for tweets that tag @emcath7 and contain the word summary. 

The bulk of the code in the reply_to_tweets() function parses the text of the tweets to figure out which TV show, 
season, and episode the user is interested in. That is why the phrasing of the tweets (acceptable phrasings shown in 
examples above) is so important. After the tweet is parsed and the individual parts have been identified and assigned a 
variable the summary is found using the TV Maze API and the user who tweeted at the bot is replied to with a summary of 
their episode of interest. 

I ran into some issues with the bot not being able to tweet the same thing more than once (hence the IMPORTANT messages
above). When the same summary is asked for more than once Twitter API throws an error that says 
"tweepy.error.TweepError: [{'code': 187, 'message': 'Status is a duplicate.'}]" so that is something that needs to be 
avoided. 

I also realized that the bot did not know what to do if the word 'summary' was included without enough other information. 
In order to deal with the possibility of not enought information being provided, if the tweet is less than 6 words
(Summary Show Season # Episode #) the bot replys that not enough information was provided. 
